0.  How many different colors does each format support?

BMP: 64 Bits per pixel, 2^64 colors.
GIF: 8 Bits per pixel, 2^8 colors.
JPEG: 24 Bits per pixel, 2^24 colors.
PNG: 64 Bits per pixel, 2^64 colors.

1.  Which of the formats supports animation?

GIF

2.  What’s the difference between 
    lossy and lossless compression?

Lossy compression is a class of data compression
methods that that uses inexact approximations
(or partial data discarding) to represent the content.
It does this to produce a smaller compressed file.
Example: A high resolution image -> "pixel-y" image.

Lossless compression is a class of data 
compression algorithms that allows 
the original data to be perfectly 
reconstructed from the compressed data. 
This requires bigger compressed files.
Example: A high resolution image -> still "sharp" image.

3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?

BMP:  Lossless
GIF: Lossless
JPEG: Lossy 
PNG: Lossless

4.  What happens, technically speaking, 
    when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?

Two things. 1) The system changes the filename to
signal that it has been deleted. 2) The system moves
the file's FAT clusters to the computer's free clusters.
It does not touch the actual data and the file isn't
actually "deleted" and can simply be retrieved.

5.  What can someone like you do to ensure 
    (with high probability) that files you delete 
    cannot be recovered?

Three options:
1) Physically destroying the drive so that it
cannot be used.
2) Degaussing the drive, randomizing the magnetic 
domains, rendering the drive unusuable.
3) Overwriting the data on the drive, rendering
it unable to be recovered.

6.  What’s stdint.h?

stdint.h is a header file. It provides a set of typedefs that
specifies data types, with min and max allowed values for each type.

7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, 
    and uint16_t in a program?

They specify Unicode Transformation Format, coded with
a specific number of bits.

8.  TODO
9.  TODO
10. TODO
11. TODO
12. TODO
13. TODO
14. TODO
15. TODO
16. TODO
17. TODO
18. TODO
